In this lesson, we introduce the course by providing
two examples of how wearables aim to be more than just fitness devices.
We started with an anecdote of when a wearable device alerted someone of
a serious medical condition and we followed that up with
a discussion about the largest clinical study ever conducted with wearable devices.
Wearable data spans a few broad domains: signal processing,
machine learning, electronics and sensors,
as well as some clinical domain expertise.
This course assumes that you have some basic knowledge of machine learning.
However, if you don't, you can always catch up by spending
more time with the further resources section at the end of each lesson.
We begin with introductions to signal processing and sensors to
provide you with some of the necessary background knowledge
to be successful in this field.
From there, we dive into a few case studies in
biomedical time series algorithms that process wearable data.
Each particular case study will begin with any of
the clinical knowledge that you need to be successful in this course.